>> Mike North: So these are great, and
there's a new player on the scene for
measuring progressive web apps,
and it is called Lighthouse.
So, this is a Chrome extension that you
can install if you haven't installed it
yet, please go ahead and do so.
And the idea is that it will audit
your performance, and it will look for
the presence of, metadata and
the ability to go offline, and
the ability to make sure that
you're serving your app securely.
And it boils that all down into
a score out of a hundred and
now I believe they give you four scores
they separate out sort of performance and
best practices and accessibility and
then progressive web app specific stuff.
So this is enough of an official tool
that it ships with Chrome 61 for free.
So if you have a Chrome Canary and you
turn on like developer tool experiments
it's a Chrome flag,
you will see that in the Audit's tab,
you can actually launch
Lighthouse right from there.
You don't have to install
an extension anymore,
so it is a big part of what we do,
all the time, this is a very new tool.
This is a very old tool that
is still incredibly useful,
webpagetest.org, and I think this
is a Steve Soders project here.
It's been around for minimum,
ten years, the big benefit here,
the reason why it is still incredibly
relevant, other than really breaking
down the order in which resources
are loaded, and what's blocking,
and all of the pitfalls of HTTP1 that
we hit, and we'll talk about later?
The main thing that it allows,
is we can test under real
network conditions, and
with real devices in a device form.
So you could say I wanna test
with Motorola X phone and
use this data center in Dallas Virginia.
And you're not running
everything on local host you're
actually that real like SSL handshakes and
real conditions that are much closer
to what your users will experience.
So, additionally you get the same kinda
filmstrip and you can even turn this
into an animated gif so you can sort
of play a couple side by side, and see,
periodically over time you might
ship a change and then see,
all right, is this making things better or
is this making things worse.
On the bottom you can see a big
breakdown of exactly what's
being downloaded, and
these vertical lines here
they represent important
milestones like the DOM is ready.
Right, you'll get a nice
vertical line there, so
this is a really nice visual way to
track things and it is completely free.
The only downside is you have to wait in
line sometimes, for a couple minutes,
you're sort of in the queue,
and then your page is tested.
And it must be a public URL, at least
to use the one that's hosted on this
domain if your working at
an organization that has a firewall, and
you're not allowed to have public
URLs to hit your staging environment.
It's open source you can
host it yourself and
you can setup a little virtual
machine behind your firewall and
it is yours to do with what you like.
And ultimately at the end,
you get a letter grade,
which is even more course
judgement than a score out of 100.
You can see that Steve's
dinosaur JS .org domain,
that could use a little help
when it comes to caching.
>> Steve: Little bit of caching.
>> Mike North: You gotta do better,
Steve, better work on that.
And then, looks like he's not using a CDN,
again almost everyone's
going to have problems here.
If you get all As, it's because it's
an example that is designed to get all As.
LinkedIn.com is going to have issues here,
Google's gonna have issues here.